Double is a remotely controlled, mobile teleconferencing
system that enables converstations to happen
anywhere and anytime.
It's the ultimate tool for telecommuting!
To move around, Double uses a gyroscope and
accelerometers.
The same concept as a Segway.
It's very stable and won't tip over easily.
The self-balancing algorithm will correct
itself and do its best to remain upright.
You can change the height of your Double remotely
to match the eye level of those you are interacting with.
Double also has two kickstands so that you
can stay in one place when you need to.
There's a mirror on your Double that lines
up with the camera on the back of your iPad
so that second viewing angle is the ground
directly around your Double.
This is especially helpful when navigating
tight spaces.
The magnetic wide angle lens attached to the
front of your Double allows you to see a lot
more of the surrounding area than your iPad
camera detects on its own.
The Double battery is lithium ion.
The same as what you'd find in a laptop.
A full charge on the Double battery should
last you 8 to 10 hours.
And charging takes about 2 hours.
The battery for the iPad that you are using
with your Double probably won't last as long
as your Double battery will.
But this depends on a variety of factors,
like the brightness of your screen.
We recommend parking your Double in the Charging
Dock at the end of the day so that it's ready for use in the morning.
Video and audio is encrypted end to end with
128bit AES and it goes directly from your
Double to the driver and vice versa without
being stored or recorded.
You can use any iPad that is 2nd generation
or newer for your Double's head.
But we recommend iPad Air or iPad Air 2 for
best results.
And you can drive your Double using a second
iPad, an iPhone, some Android tablets using
Chrome, or any computer using Chrome or Firefox.
To use your Double, just sign in to Double
Robotics using a computer, iPad, or iPhone
and locate the Double that you wish to use.
Once you're connected to your Double, you'll
be able to see the environment your Double is in.
You can use the back, forward, and side to
side keys to move your Double around remotely.
A live video of you will be shown on the head
of your Double so that you can interact with people,
as if you were there!